Slack Bugfix (#10556)
demisto/content: Packs/Slack/ReleaseNotes/1_3_11.md

#### Integrations
##### Slack v2

> Maintenance and stability enhancements.

Reviewer: please mention here what was fixed

> Fixed an issue where no response returned from the integration in case of a connection error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where no response was returned from the integration in event of a connection error.
```
